Added information about Ibexa Headless (#102)
ibexa/content: README.md

# Ibexa DXP Content Symfony Flex metapackage

> ⚠️ As of Ibexa DXP v4.6.0, Ibexa Content has been replaced by Ibexa Headless. Proceed to [ibexa/headless](https://github.com/ibexa/headless) to check out the most recent version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ As of Ibexa DXP v4.6.0, Ibexa Content has been replaced by Ibexa Headless. Proceed to [ibexa/headless](https://github.com/ibexa/headless) to check out the latest version.
```
